For the next hour.
we're counting down seven
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
of the greatest cartoons ever made.
starring Superman. Bugs Bunny. Daffy Duck.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
Betty Boop. Popeye. and many more.
Sit back. relax. and enjoy
the "Greatest Cartoons of
the Golden Era. Volume 2."
Hi. I'm Charles Dewandeler and welcome
to "Greatest Cartoons of
the Golden Era. Volume 2."
If you enjoyed our first compilation.
you'll love volume two
because these cartoons are even better.
Our first cartoon is a
spoof of the 1942 movie.
"The Man Who Came To Dinner."
The cartoon is called "The
Wabbit Who Came to Supper."
and it stars Bugs Bunny and Elmer Fudd.
Enjoy.
I'm trapped. Trapped.
I gotta get out of this.
I gotta think fast.
Trapped.
Oh boy. they trapped
the wabbit.
Look fellas. I'm Rin Tin Tin.
Now I gotcha.
You're a dead wabbit.
Telegram for Elmer Fudd.
Eh. what's up. doc?
"Dear Nephew. am leaving
you $3 million in my will.
Uncle Louie."
Oh boy. I'm rich. I'm rich!
"P.S. But you don't get one cent
if you harm any animals.
especially rabbits."
You're free now. little wabbit.
Go and romp and frolic in the forest.
Oh boy. I'm rich.
Okay. fellas. break it up. Break it up.
$3 million.
♪ Angel in disguise ♪
Come on out or I'll blow your head off.
♪ I'm just an angel in disguise ♪
Please. Mr. Wabbit. go on back
to the forest where you belong.
Be a nice wittle wabbit.
Ooh. ouch. ouch!
Hey. what are you tryin' to do? Kill me?
Hey. you'll fracture my skull!
I'm gonna call Uncle Louie.
that's what I'm gonna do.
Operator. Operator.
Hey. you got a nickel?
Hello. Operator? Operator?
Gimme Walnut Tree 350.
Oh. that you. Mert?
How's every little thing?
Please. Mr. Wabbit.
don't call Uncle Louie.
I won't hurt you again. I promise.
Well. okay. but watch your
step after this. fat boy.
Hey. what do you got to
eat around this joint?
Eat?
Eat. I'll fix this guy.
Thinks he'll trick me. huh?
Step right this way.
That'll fix him.
Why. that dirty double-crosser.
Let me in! Open up!
Hey. I'm getting' pneumonia.
Open up.
My God. I'll die.
No. I'm too young to die.
Please. please let me in.
Hey. this scene oughta
get me the Academy Award.
Say goodbye to Uncle Louie for me.
Uncle Louie?
What have I done?
$3 million all shot to pieces.
Don't die wittle wabbit.
Please don't die.
♪ Rock-a-bye baby on the treetop ♪
♪ When a wind blows the cradle ♪
Come on. fat stuff. Swing it.
♪ Rock-a-bye baby on the treetop ♪
♪ When the wind blows.
the cradle will rock ♪
♪ When the bough breaks.
the cradle will fall ♪
♪ Down will come baby ♪
Special delivery.
"Your Uncle Louie has kicked the bucket.
You now inherit $3 million.
Inheritance Tax. two million.
Defense Tax.
which leaves you owing us $1.98.
Please remit."
You don't get the dough. eh. butterball?
No. but I'm gonna get you!
Yipe!
Happy New Year!
Yippee! Hooray!
♪ Should auld acquaintance be forgot ♪
♪ to mind ♪
♪ Should auld acquantaince ♪
- ♪ Be forgot in the ♪
- Why you.
Well. yipe again!
Don't go down there. It's dark.
Good riddance to bad rubbish.
Easter greetings
Eh. what's up. doc?
Today we're gonna watch not one.
but two of the greatest
Superman cartoons ever made.
The first cartoon reminds me
of recent movies I've
seen like "Terminator."
which feature robots with
artificial intelligence
trying to take over the world.
This cartoon is a similar concept.
but it came out over 80 years ago.
Here now is Superman in
"The Mechanical Monsters."
Faster
than a speeding bullet.
more powerful than a locomotive.
able to leap tall buildings
at a single bound.
this amazing stranger
from the planet Krypton.
the Man of Steel.
Superman!
Empowered with x-Ray vision.
possessing remarkable physical strength.
Superman fights a never-ending battle
for truth and justice
disguised as a mild-mannered
newspaper reporter. Clark Kent.
Lois! What are you doing here?
Oh. just getting the
woman's angle on this story.
The mechanical monster! Look out!
Come on. you fool. Do
you wanna get trampled?
Now you wait here. I'll phone this in.
Yes. I'll give you the
details later. Chief.
All right. Lois...
Lois!
This is a job for Superman.
What a story this is going to make.
The jewels. What have
you done with the jewels?
You'll read about it
in tomorrow's paper.
Are you going to tell me
what happened to those jewels?
So you won't tell me.
You'll soon change your mind.
Superman.
Take one more step and she's doomed.
That's a wonderful story. Lois.
Thanks. Clark. but I
owe it all to Superman.
Our next cartoon is directed
by legendary Chuck Jones
and Star's Daffy Duck with Elmer Fudd.
This time. Elmer Fudd is taking a break
from hunting rabbits so he can hunt ducks.
Daffy Duck doesn't like this very much.
so he challenges Elmer to a boxing match.
Enjoy.
Duck shot.
More duck shot.
Confidentially. those hunters couldn't hit
the broad side of a duck.
Ah! They got me.
Yipe.
Get him. Laramore.
Retrieve him. Retrieve him.
Take it easy. Rover.
That's no way to retrieve a duck.
Look.
Gentle like. See. Laramore?
Hello.
Sorry I had to plug you. Mr.
Duck. but I am a sportsman.
a great. great sportsman.
A great sportsman. eh?
Sportsman.
Listen. sport. you don't know
the meaning of fair play.
What chance has a poor. helpless.
fluffy little winged
creature like me against you?
You with your bullets. and your shotgun.
and your knife. and your duck
call. and your hunting coat.
and your hunting dog. and all
kinda stuff like that there!
What protection have I got?
A bulletproof vest. I suppose.
How did that get there?
How would you like to meet me
in a fair fight. Mr. Sport?
All things being equal. man to man.
Marquise of Queensbury rules.
Huh?
That's different. eh?
Yeah. that's somethin' else again.
Yeah. you don't like
that. do ya. sportsman?
No. Yeah. yeah.
You don't like it. huh?
Don't like it.
Ladies and gentle ducks!
In that corner...
In that corner.
He's a dog.
You can have him.
What a tramp.
Elmer Fudd.
Hello.
Hooray!
And in this corner. a duck
who needs no introduction.
that outstanding exponent
of clean sportsmanship.
that champion of champions.
your friend and mine.
our own. our beloved Daffy
"Good to His Mother" Duck.
Boo!
Now boys. fight clean.
Oh brother!
No rough stuff.
None of this.
Or this.
Or like so.
Or this. or this. or this.
You understand?
Yeah. you mean none of this.
Or this.
Or like so.
Or this. or this?
Or this. huh?
How about a little of this?
Absolutely uh-uh.
You know. there's
something awfully screwy
about this fight. or
my name isn't Laramore.
And it isn't.
You got him punchy. champ.
He's practically a dead duck already.
Now get in there and fight.
Go on in there. knock him out!
Give it to him. champ.
Let him have it. champ!
Huh. gettin' a little thin on top.
How about a little somethin'
to stimulate the scalp?
Now shake hands.
Which hand do you take?
Mm. uh. that one.
Nope.
Wrong. Guess again.
All right. all right. I'll
take that over there.
Ain't he a dope?
Ya sure this is the one you want?
You're right!
It's the right one.
And here's round one comin' up.
One. three. nine. ten. you're out!
The winner and new champion. Daffy Duck!
I'm not the one to
complain. Mr. Referee.
but I thought you said no rough stuff.
None of this. or this.
or this. or like so.
Or this. or this. or this!
That's all. folks!
It seems like in the
early days of animation.
everybody was making their own version
of a Cinderella cartoon.
This cartoon was brought to us
by the Fleischer brothers and stars
one of their most popular characters.
No. not Superman.
This was years before Superman.
This cartoon stars
Betty Boop as Cinderella
and is one of her only
cartoons which were in color.
Something I love about
the Fleischer cartoons
is how they tried making
scenes in their movies look 3D.
something which Disney and
other animation companies
would later try to copy.
Now here's Betty Boop starring
in "Poor Cinderella."
♪ I'm just a poor Cinderella ♪
♪ Nobody loves me. it seems ♪
♪ And like a poor Cinderella ♪
♪ I find my romance in dreams ♪
♪ For that's where I
meet my Prince Charming ♪
♪ When I'm with him. cares fade away ♪
♪ I'm just a poor Cinderella ♪
♪ But I'll be a princess someday ♪
Cinderella!
Get us ready for the ball.
Hurry up. give my hair a brushing.
Can't you see that we are rushing?
Hurry up. go get my bustle.
You're too slow. Why don't you hustle?
I hope you enjoy the ball.
Oh!
♪ Nobody loves me ♪
Cinderella.
Oh!
♪ Pretty Cinderella.
you're unhappy I can see ♪
♪ I'm your fairy godmother. listen to me ♪
♪ Dry your little eyes ♪
♪ There is no need to cry at all ♪
♪ You're so kind and gentle.
you'll go to the ball ♪
Go fetch me a pumpkin.
a large one. my dear.
Six mice and two lizards.
and bring them right here.
Oh. here they are.
Oh!
Here they are.
♪ We're the little mice ♪
♪ And we are happy to be free ♪
♪ You could never be half as happy as we ♪
♪ I'm so overjoyed to be
with you and this is why ♪
♪ I was almost cut up for punkin pie ♪
Oh. my. Oh.
Oh!
My lady.
Oh. Ooh!
Remember. when the clock strikes 12.
you must be home by then.
for should you fail to be in bed.
you'll be in rags again.
Remember. Remember.
- Remember.
- Oh!
♪ For that's where I
meet my Prince Charming ♪
♪ When I'm with him cares fade away ♪
♪ They call her poor Cinderella ♪
♪ But I'll be a princess someday ♪
Hail. the Prince!
Oh. mm!
Oh!
♪ Am I the poor Cinderella ♪
♪ I find my romance in dreams ♪
Woo!
Oh. oh. oh!
Silence!
Who was that beautiful maiden?
Have you know tongues?
And I. the Prince. do now declare
whosoever this slipper can
wear. my throne will share!
♪ I'm just a poor Cinderella ♪
♪ Nobody loves me it seems ♪
♪ And like a poor Cinderella ♪
♪ I find my romance in dreams ♪
♪ For that's where I
met my Prince Charming ♪
♪ When I'm with you cares fade away ♪
♪ I'm just a poor Cinderella ♪
♪ But I'll be a princess someday ♪
Now you see. it's all your fault.
My fault? Why. you impudent thing.
Oh shut up. you jerk. Oh!
How dare you. For two
pennies I'd slap your face.
Oh you would. would you?
Yes. I will. What are
you gonna do about it?
Ub Iwerks was an
animator who became famous
for his many years
working with Walt Disney.
He helped co-create Mickey Mouse
and animate many of
Disney's early cartoons.
In 1930. Ub Iwerks left Disney
and started his own animation company.
This next cartoon is one of his
best. called "Balloon Land."
It features a world where
everything is made of balloons.
It even features balloon versions
of Laurel and Hardy and Charlie Chaplin.
"Balloon Land" has been featured
in many TV and film
productions over the years.
including "PeeWee's Playhouse."
and it's considered to be
one of the top 50 greatest
cartoons ever made.
Take a look.
Beware of pins.
♪ Now beware. have a care ♪
♪ You're just filled with air ♪
♪ A single pin would rip your skin ♪
♪ And the Pin Cushion
Man in the forest there ♪
♪ Would pop you both if
you don't take care ♪
♪ Oh. such trash ♪
♪ In a flash I will settle his hash ♪
♪ I'll bust right in and twist his chin ♪
♪ I'll get rough. I'll get tough ♪
♪ I'll just call his bluff ♪
♪ Oh no. oh no ♪
♪ Please. oh please. don't go ♪
Aw. come on.
I'm coming.
I'm scared.
I'm not. Much.
I'm the old Pin Cushion
Man. terror of Balloony Land.
Folks all hate me. how they hate me.
Tickles me the way they rate me.
Always have a pin at hand.
That's the reason I am panned.
How I stop 'em when I pop 'em?
Aw. that Pin Cushion Man's a fake.
I'm not afraid of his pins.
So you're not afraid of pins?
Let me in!
Let me in! I'll get mad in a minute!
Open the gates! I wanna come in!
I'd better not.
The folks'd blow up if I let you in.
Nonsense. I'm your friend.
I want to give you something.
Oh. that's different.
What are you going to give me?
This!
You-
The Pin Cushion Man!
Quick. we must sound the alarm.
Holy smoke!
Ready. aim. fire!
Arm tacks!
Fire!
And now our second Superman cartoon.
In this cartoon there's been
a murder at Metropolis Museum.
When Clark Kent goes to investigate.
he finds out the mummies
have come back to life.
Gee. a movie about mummies
coming back to life.
It seems like this is a story
I've seen a lot in movies lately.
except this cartoon came out in 1943.
Here now is Superman
in "The Mummy Strikes."
Faster than
a streak of lightning.
More powerful than a pounding surf.
Mightier than a roaring hurricane.
This amazing stranger
from the planet Krypton.
the Man of Steel.
Superman!
Possessing remarkable physical strength.
Superman fights a never-ending battle
for truth and justice.
disguised as a mild-mannered
newspaper reporter. Clark Kent.
Dr. Jordan. Dr. Jordan!
You deny poisoning Dr. Jordan.
yet you admit these
fingerprints are yours.
Yes. but. but you don't-
That's all.
Kent speaking.
Hello. "Daily Planet"?
This is Dr. Wilson of the Egyptian Museum.
I've just uncovered something
that may free Miss Hogan.
Yes. Doctor. I've been
feeling much better lately.
but I'll be right over.
I'll see ya later. Lois. Doctor's orders.
Doctor. my eye.
Dr. Jordan was the
world's foremost student
of hieroglyphics.
Most of our priceless specimens
were brought back by him.
even the mummy of King Tush.
Among his possessions.
I uncovered this ancient Egyptian tablet
and find it to be a secret
curse of the tomb of King Tush.
"He who disturbs the eternal sleep
of King Tush shall perish."
This tablet may well be Miss
Hogan's passport to freedom.
Come with me. please.
Over 3.000 years ago. the
Valley of the Upper Nile
was ruled by an old and powerful king.
He had been warring with the
Lower Nile for many years.
and just before the old king died.
he called his son to
him. a young boy of 12.
He commanded his giant
guards swear an oath
of eternal allegiance to the boy prince.
to guard him constantly in
this world and the next.
Shortly after. the old king died.
A youth of 12 now ruled a
kingdom of 10 million people.
But the boy was not fashioned
for such responsibility.
and being of a sickly nature.
soon became ill himself.
Never was a person attended
more faithfully than this youth.
yet he withered away and soon died.
True to their oath of allegiance.
each of the royal guards drank poison
so that they might continue
to protect the spirit
of their young king in
the Valley of the Dead.
Here in these catacombs.
Dr. Jordan has reconstructed
the burial vault
exactly as he first discovered
it in one of the pyramids.
Working for years in absolute
and frenzied secrecy.
he finally duplicated an
ancient mystic formula.
which he called the Fluid of Life.
Just before he was found dead.
Dr. Jordan had inoculated
each of the mummies
of the giant guards.
They were supposed to return to life.
but somehow the test failed.
Dr. Jordan was found here
at the feet of King Tush.
The rest you know.
But what you don't know. Mr. Kent.
and what I am equally certain of.
is that Dr. Jordan violated
the ancient warning
by attempting to open
the coffin of King Tush!
A poisonous needle.
That's how Dr. Jordan was killed.
Yes. and Miss Hogan is a free woman.
Lois!
"Jane Hogan Set Free."
This is one time
I've scooped you. Lois.
Yes. lucky for you I was hurt.
Incidentally. who told
you I was at the museum?
My mummy done told me.
Our final cartoon today
is again brought to us
by the Fleischer brothers
and stars one of their
most popular characters.
Popeye the Sailor Man.
This was actually Popeye's
first color cartoon
and was nominated for best short subject
in the 1936 Academy Awards.
It was voted number 17
in the 50 greatest cartoons of all time.
and some say it served as inspiration
for future Sinbad movies and
just pirate movies in general.
Here now is "Popeye the Sailor
Meets Sinbad the Sailor."
Yuck. uck. uck. uck. uck. uck.
Be quiet.
You. too.
♪ I'm Sinbad the Sailor
so hearty and hale ♪
♪ I live on an island
on the back of a whale ♪
♪ It's a whale of an island.
that's not a bad joke ♪
♪ Its lord and its master
is this handsome bloke ♪
♪ Who's the most remarkable.
extraordinary fellow ♪
♪ Sinbad the Sailor ♪
♪ I scare all creation on land or on sea ♪
♪ But talk about women.
they all fall for me ♪
♪ I take my adventures
wherever they're found ♪
♪ I don't wanna brag folks.
but I've been around ♪
♪ Who's the most phenomenal.
extra special kind of fellow ♪
♪ Sinbad the Sailor ♪
♪ From the Valley of Serpents
these diamonds I took ♪
♪ I clean out those serpents
with one dirty look ♪
Hmm. serpents.
♪ Oh. look at this monster
so strong and so huge ♪
♪ He'd frighten King Kong
but he's only my stooge ♪
♪ The capture of boola
for me was just fun ♪
♪ Whoever said two heads
were better than one ♪
♪ Who's the most phenomenal.
extraordinary fellow ♪
You's. Sinlouse the Sailor.
How do you like that?
Stooge!
♪ On one of my travels I ran into this ♪
♪ Now there was a thrill
I'd be sorry to miss ♪
♪ He spread out his wings
and the sunlight grew dim ♪
♪ He took me in his beak.
but I ran off with him ♪
♪ Who's the most remarkable.
extraordinary fellow ♪
♪ Sinbad the Sailor ♪
♪ Who's the most phenomenal.
extra special kind of fellow ♪
♪ Sinbad the Sailor ♪
♪ I'm afraid of nobody under the sun ♪
♪ All I say is boo and my enemies run ♪
♪ Who's the most remarkable
extraordinary fellow ♪
♪ It's Popeye the Sailor
Man. ah ga ga ga ga ga ♪
♪ Popeye the Sailor Man ♪
♪ I'm strong to the finish
'cause I eats me spinach ♪
♪ I'm Popeye the Sailor
Man. ah ga ga ga ga ga ♪
♪ I'm one tough gazookas
which hates all palookas ♪
♪ What ain't on the up and square ♪
♪ I biffs and I buffs 'em ♪
♪ And always out-roughs 'em ♪
♪ But none of them gets nowhere ♪
♪ If anyone dasses to risk me fist ♪
♪ It's bop and its wham. understand ♪
♪ So keep good behavior ♪
♪ That's your one lifesaver ♪
♪ With Popeye the Sailor Man ♪
♪ I'm Popeye the Sailor
Man. ah ga ga ga ga ga ♪
♪ Popeye the Sailor Man ♪
♪ I'm strong to the finish
'cause I eats me spinach ♪
♪ I'm Popeye this white whaler man ♪
Who fouls the air with a note so sour
and dares to challenge Sinbad's power?
Why. I'll fix him.
Wreck that ship!
But bring me the woman.
Go.
Oh! Oh!
Well. what happened?
Oh!
Oh. help!
Popeye!
Oh. let me go. let me go!
Let me go! No. no. no. don't let me go.
Oh. man the lifeboats.
Well. that was a nice ship we had once.
Hey. did you see the same thing I saw?
I've gotta take another
look at that thing.
see what that was.
That's the biggest buzzard I ever saw.
Look at the fellow go. Woo!
Oh. oh! Oh!
Where am I?
Hello there. beautiful.
Let me see this.
Hey. keep away from me. you!
- Stop that. Let me alone.
- Come on. honey.
Ah. don't do that!
I'll punch your face right! Ah. stop!
- Come here.
- I won't.
Get up. sugar. and
give us a little smack.
I'll you a smack all
right. all right. There!
Hey. we gotta save Olive Oil.
Come on. Wimpy. hurry
up before it's too late.
Into the drink.
End of the line. Everybody off.
Oh. what's this?
"The Isle of Sinbad. Enter Not!
For whosever passeth in.
passeth out! Sinbad."
Is that so?
Somebody probably tryin'
to be funny around here.
Oh! Luncheon.
Well. here I go within-eth.
Ooh.
I don't like this place at all.
Sorry I ever came in here.
Looks kinda spooky to me around here.
What's this?
Whoa. Oh yeah?
Oh!
Trying to scare me off. huh?
Will ya watch them dumb animals
tryin' to scare me like that?
Help! Popeye!
- Oh!
- Save me!
- Oh. I'm comin'. Olive.
- Help!
I just got a little wall here.
Oh.
Do I hear footprints about here?
Oh!
Oh. Oh. I wanna stop!
I wanna stop this dancing!
Stop!
Huh?
- Oh. Oh. Popeye.
- Come back here.
Oh.
Who invited you?
I did. What are you
gonna do about it. huh?
How did you get in here?
Oh!
Fouled again.
Mm. I must resort to my
last hamburger.
Oh! Huh?
Hey. I wants me girl.
- Oh yeah?
- Yeah.
Who are you?
♪ I'm Popeye the Sailor Man ♪
Who am I?
- You heard what I said.
- Who am I?
- That's what I said.
- Why!
♪ Who's the most remarkable.
extraordinary fellow ♪
♪ You ♪
♪ Who's the most phenomenal.
extra special kind of fellow ♪
♪ You ♪
♪ I'm afraid of nobody under the sun ♪
♪ All I say is boo and my enemies run ♪
♪ Who's the most remarkable.
extraordinary fellow ♪
♪ Who ♪
Popeye the Sailor.
You better fix your shirt there.
- young fella.
- Why. Mm.
- Hey! Hey. put me down.
- Well. let's see
how great ya are.
Hey. let down. ya big. oh!
Whoa!
Oh. what's this?
Hey. let me down. you
big overgrown canary.
What are you doin'. takin'
me for a ride or somethin'?
Hey. let me go. please. then.
I'm not goin' your way.
Come on. let me go. Hey!
- Oh.
- Oh!
Popeye!
Popeye. my Popeye!
So long! So long!
Come back to me!
There ya are. with gravy.
The uncle says cook this guy. then.
- Laugh. eh?
- Hey. let go.
- Well. I'll fix you.
- Hey. don't you think
we'd better talk this thing over?
Try and get out of this one!
Oh. my head. my head.
Whoa! Oh!
♪ Comfort to sleep my baby kid ♪
♪ My peaches and cream ♪
Ow.
♪ My baby kid ♪
♪ If you don't sleep. my baby kid ♪
♪ I close for you your
two eyes like this ♪
- Oh.
- Yeah.
Oh. oh. oh. oh. please.
Oh. oh.
Oh my.
Oh. two against one. huh?
Whoa!
Oh!
How do ya like that. huh? Oh.
What for you like that?
Popeye smack our face.
How do you like about that?
You hold up Popeye and beat him.
Bicarbonate. if I had
that mug in this hand.
I make from him special dish
of.
I don't like.
I make for you to like it!
Oh!
Why you two-headed. fat-faced...
I'll fix you.
How do ya like that?
Oh!
Ooh!
Come on. come on.
you're gonna take a
doubleheader this time.
Wham!
Well. I guess I fixed those two fellas.
I won't hear for them anymore. Oh yeah?
Who's gonna make who like
chicken finger seekaseesee. hmm?
There's only room for one
great sailor in this world.
That's me.
Oh. says you.
We're gonna come to terms right now.
Get off of my island.
Oh yeah?
What do you mean your island. huh?
Oh. you better not toy with me.
- Is that so?
- I'll break every bone
- in your...
- That's too bad. huh?
Hey. what are doing?
- You...
- Hey. you can push me
just so far. that's all
I gotta say about...
Oh!
- Beet for beet. kiddo.
- Hey. why'd you go
- and do that?
- That's what I gotta...
- Ooh!
- Take that.
Hey. Ho!
Whoa!
Peekaboo.
I got you!
Come outta there. you.
Why...
- Oh. Hey.
- Ha ha.
How do you like that. partner. hey?
Try now.
Do ya give up? Give up?
Hey. oh. take that.
What are you. a fresh guy or something?
I'll show you.
Oh!
Up. up. up! Don't leave me now.
Oh.
Take that. Ah ga ga ga ga ga.
How do ya like that?
Oh. get up and fight me.
Give it to him. Popeye!
Give him the twister punch!
Twister punch comin' up.
Hey.
Ah. that's what you are.
You're goin' places. young fella.
♪ Who's the most remarkable.
extraordinary fella ♪
♪ You ♪
♪ Popeye the Sailor ♪
And there you have it. our
final cartoon. for today.
It's incredible to look back
at these classic cartoons
and realize that movies
today are very similar
to and inspired by those
cartoons that came 50
or even a hundred years before.
Yeah. yippee!
We thank you for watching
"Greatest Cartoons of the
Golden Era. Volume 2."
and we hope to see you again soon.